lit-html & LitElement Release blog (#46)
Polymer/polymer-project.org: app/blog/2019-02-05-lit-element-and-lit-html-release.md

If templating is all you need, you can get started now with the [lit-html docs](https://lit-html.polymer-project.org/). If you'd like to build components to use in your app or share with your team, read on to learn more.

## LitElement: a lightweight Web Component base class

LitElement is a lightweight base class that makes it easier than ever to build and share Web Components.

LitElement uses lit-html to render components and adds APIs to declare reactive properties and attributes. Elements update automatically when their properties change. And they update _fast_, without diffing.

Here's a simple LitElement component in TypeScript:

```typescript
@customElement('name-tag')
class NameTag extends LitElement {
  @property()
  name = 'a secret';

  render() {
    return html`<p>Hi, my name is ${this.name}!</p>`;
  }
}
```

(We have a great vanilla JavaScript API also.)

This creates an element you can use anywhere you'd use a regular HTML element:

`<name-tag name="Ida"></name-tag>`

> Hi, my name is Ida!

Reviewer: Format in a box, or remove

If you use Web Components already, you'll be happy to hear that they're now natively supported in Chrome, Safari and Firefox. Edge support is coming soon, and polyfills are only needed for legacy browser versions. 

> If you're new to Web Components, you should give them a try! Web Components let you extend HTML in a way that interoperates with other libraries, tools, and frameworks. This makes them ideal for sharing UI elements within a large organization, publishing components for use anywhere on the web, or building UI design systems like Material design. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you're new to Web Components, you should give them a try! Web Components let you extend HTML in a way that interoperates with other libraries, tools, and frameworks. This makes them ideal for sharing UI elements within a large organization, publishing components for use anywhere on the web, or building UI design systems like Material Design. 
```

> You can use custom elements anywhere you use HTML: in your main document, in a CMS, in Markdown, or in views [built with frameworks](https://custom-elements-everywhere.com/) like React and Vue. You can also mix and match LitElement components with other Web Components, whether they've been written using vanilla web technologies or made with the help of tools like Salesforce Lightning, StencilJS, SkateJS or the Polymer library.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use custom elements anywhere you use HTML: in your main document, in a CMS, in Markdown, or in views [built with frameworks](https://custom-elements-everywhere.com/) like React and Vue. You can also mix and match LitElement components with other Web Components, whether they've been written using vanilla web technologies or made with the help of tools like Salesforce Lightning Web Components, Ionic's Stencil, SkateJS or the Polymer library.
```
